Top 20 activations for feature index 12219 across all files:
Context:  holding a public hearing tonight in Odenton to discuss plans by a Tennessee contractor, Ameresco Federal Solutions, to build the incinerator near the Army post
Context:  into data and trends within the African American, Asian American and Hispanic communities, Nielsen’s Claudia Pardo laid out compelling statistics and a demographic framework shaping the future
Context: ORE, Appellant,  v.  ARTHUR ANDERSEN, L.L.P. AND LAURA MAWHINNEY, Appellees. __________________________________________________________________  
Context:  public hearing tonight in Odenton to discuss plans by a Tennessee contractor, Ameresco Federal Solutions, to build the incinerator near the Army post's sewage
Context:  last year, protesting for more than a week over a water dispute. The company later said it was able to resume normal operations without a hit to production.  
Context: VID B. MOORE, Appellant,  v.  ARTHUR ANDERSEN, L.L.P. AND LAURA MAWHINNEY, Appelle
Context: tadaa...at last we ended up booking a Studio Photoshoot with Creative LiteBoxfor only RM140 for about 1hour and half!!! as
Context:  experimenting and applying their mind. It includes some one like Kunwer Sachdev of Su-Kam who created a Rs 500 crore company from scratch; Gan
Context: , MS  The Biloxi Public School District hired M|P Design Group to design a new state of the art athletic facility at Biloxi High
Context:  BIDDERS MUST AGREE THAT THEY HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD BONHAMS' CONDITIONS OF SALE AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THEM
Context: ing Member's participation in any approved fund or any group of approved funds offered by the same issuer shall be limited to the greater of $250,000 or
Context:  exclusively for politics and founded PoliticalEDGE; Satyajit Singh, founder of Shakti Sudha not only created a new industry but also benefited thousands
Context:  announced a deterioration in audit quality across the ‘Big Four’ firms (KPMG, PwC, Deloitte and EY) compared with
Context:   I've been using it for a little while, and still cannot believe they give it away for free.  You should definitely try it out.  
Context: oxi, MS  The Biloxi Public School District hired M|P Design Group to design a new state of the art athletic facility at Bilox
Context:  molecules can modulate drug activity in defined animal models. The specific aims of this application are: 1) To determine the inhibitory compounds present within Dans
Context:  well, taking 17th on the grid and thus out-doing his team-mate – which, funnily enough, was the aforementioned Gene.
Context:  opioid receptors in experimental animals. Thus, the broad, long-term objectives of this research are to develop ligands with selectivity for heterodimeric opioid
Context: June 23, 2011  The 2010 Census confirmed something Nielsen has been noting for some time: multicultural consumers are rapidly becoming the majority in
Top 20 activations for feature index 33348 across all files:
Context:  Pathways Nursing and Rehabilitation Center is a Sentosa Care affiliated facility. Sentosa Care is an organization formed to service and assist affiliated nursing facilities in fulfilling their
Context:  a 30-year term at a low, fixed rate, and enables Sentosa Care to invest significant capital in upgrading the facility’s existing spaces and amenities,
Context:  30-year term at a low, fixed rate, and enables Sentosa Care to invest significant capital in upgrading the facility’s existing spaces and amenities, as
Context:  specialty units,” said Mr. Levine. “We truly value the trust Sentosa Care has in us to provide financing for their facilities and will continually work to
Context: 476,000 ounces of gold last year, comprising 18 percent of Goldcorp’s total production and generating more than 33 percent of its revenue.  The
Context:  first commercial sperm bank in the United States located in New Jersey.  BioGenetics respects the current medical standards and ethics set forth by the:  American Society for
Context:  the culture than I do now,” says Sean Kelly, CEO of SnackNation, a company that delivers healthy snacks to offices and homes across America. Sn
Context: ways Nursing and Rehabilitation Center is a Sentosa Care affiliated facility. Sentosa Care is an organization formed to service and assist affiliated nursing facilities in fulfilling their commitment
Context:  by the football, baseball, softball, soccer and track teams. M | P performed the architectural design, structural design, electrical & mechanical design, as well
Context:  that may impact Reproductive Cell and Tissue Banking.  BioGenetics is FDA Registered  BioGenetics is licensed by The New Jersey State
Context:  Mexico gold mine  MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Canada’s Goldcorp said on Monday an ongoing protest blocking entry to its Penasquito mine,
Context: inerator and did not return a phone call yesterday seeking comment. Ameresco Federal Solutions did not reply to an e-mail request for information.  County health officials
Context:  (17 June 1921 – 28 May 1998) was a French operatic tenor.  Life  Born in Bordeaux, Fouché
Context: ISBER)  International Society for Cellular Therapy (ISCT)  The BioGenetics Corporation staff includes a Medical Director, a consulting Pathologist, Geneticist,
Context: enc (born 19 February 1981, in Prešov) is a Slovak football goalkeeper who currently plays for 1. FC Tatran Prešov
Context:  within the United States and Worldwide to achieve Assisted Reproduction. BioGenetics Corporation was established in 1980 to become the first commercial sperm bank in
Context:  incinerator and did not return a phone call yesterday seeking comment. Ameresco Federal Solutions did not reply to an e-mail request for information.  County health
Context:  the IPE (which we  have already addressed),  what are the other exchanges whose contracts we  trade?    Thanks Paul
Context:  (9 February 1909 – 15 August 1981) was an Italian footballer from Bastia di Balocco in the Province of Verc
Context:  Napoli in 1938, he spent two year spells at Juventus and Savona.  References  Category:1909 births Category:1981 deaths 
Top 20 activations for feature index 56081 across all files:
Context:  of historical data  I'm keen to use some of the new features in Google Universal Analytics. I have an old site though that I don't want to
Context:  convince its sponsors to contribute to its survival and in May 2011 the BBC reported that ACPO would run out of money in February 2012 without
Context:  SheKnows, Morris contributes to many publications including The New York Times, Yahoo! News, PopEater, NBC New York and Spinner. Follow he
Context:  them from day to night. The gorgeous outfits on the show are from Saks Fifth Avenue at Biltmore Fashion Park. Plus, makeup artist Lisa Moore
Context: June 23, 2011  The 2010 Census confirmed something Nielsen has been noting for some time: multicultural consumers are rapidly becoming the majority in
Context: u, in 1974, Davis and Dick Weber shared analyst duties on ABC-TV's Professional Bowlers Tour until Nelson Burton Jr. was hired as a
Context:  detailing what size you'd like.   More info here.  A:  Easeus Partition Master is an excellent tool, and the Home version is free! 
Context:  due to a combination of global warming and the El Niño weather phenomenon, Reuters reports.  This year will, the Met Office and prediction partner the University of
Context:  by British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) to the Society of Motion Picture and Television Engineers (SMPTE) standard. The VC-2 standard uses discrete-wave
Context:  on both sides of the island," team leader Lisa Anselmi, of Buffalo State University of New York, told LiveScience.  The archaeologists found that
Context:  1996, the standard required has been one published in Society of Automotive Engineers paper SAE J1962, known as OBD-II (or O
Context:  [actors] => []         [trailer_url] => https://drive.google.com/     ) [1] => Array     (         [movie
Context:  into data and trends within the African American, Asian American and Hispanic communities, Nielsen’s Claudia Pardo laid out compelling statistics and a demographic framework shaping the future
Context:  Thread.Abort(), but instead calls HttpApplication.CompleteRequest(). (See this Microsoft Support article for details and a hint at the solution.)  ... skipping down...  
Context:  (BBC) to the Society of Motion Picture and Television Engineers (SMPTE) standard. The VC-2 standard uses discrete-wavelet-transform (D
Context:  "deviceID" returns a "unique" id for the device. Per Apple's policies, on iOS 6 and later, "deviceID" returns
Context:  Seat Mii  Thursday, March 5, 2015  VW Up facelift - when?  Up seems to be forgotten model in VW
Context:  grand prix winners, a Champ Car title-winner turned F1 flop and BBC Radio 5Live’s diminutive driver-cum-commentator and you’ve
Context:  is an open free-use video-decoding standard contributed by British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) to the Society of Motion Picture and Television Engineers (SMPTE)
Top 20 activations for feature index 48378 across all files:
Context:  boys.  In the #8 Peugeot we have another ex-grand prix driver Stephane Sarazzin. Don’t remember the lad? We wouldn’t blame
Context:  competing with a lucrative offer to Millsap, took a hit last week when Carlos Boozer ($12.6 million), Mehmet Okur ($9 million)
Context: .  In the #8 Peugeot we have another ex-grand prix driver Stephane Sarazzin. Don’t remember the lad? We wouldn’t blame you
Context:  movies in one week, one of which is the latest in supernatural horror: Sinister. Truth be told, this is a pretty solid horror movie overall,
Context:  keep your mouth shut.” (From the book “American Evita” by Christopher Anderson, p. 90 – Hillary to her State Trooper bodyguards
Context:  Rosa Luxemburg and Karl Liebknecht on 15 January 1919.  Early on Monday morning, 20 November, the leaders of the
Context:  Thursday.  The Sumatran rhino had not been sighted in the Mount Leuser National Park on the northern tip of Sumatra for 26 years
Context: Neighbors (novel)  Neighbors is a 1980 novel by American author Thomas Berger. It is a satire of manners and suburbia, and a comment
Context: ed in the Mount Leuser National Park on the northern tip of Sumatra for 26 years, the project's team leader Tarmizi of the Le
Context: -2108, 2009; and Fernyhough et al., Soft Matter 5:1674-1682, 2009. There
Context:  the cell, the NOD proteins and RNA helicases such as MDA5 recognize similar pathogen-associated structures to those recognized by TLRs.
Context:  murder of the outstanding German revolutionaries and Marxists Rosa Luxemburg and Karl Liebknecht on 15 January 1919.  Early on Monday
Context:  1995; the entirely forgetable Shinji Nakano; and Christophe Bouchet, a man confirmed as an F1 driver who never got
Context:  in 1995; the entirely forgetable Shinji Nakano; and Christophe Bouchet, a man confirmed as an F1 driver who never
Context:  the University of East Anglia say, top the current record set in 1998. 2006, meanwhile, currently lies sixth in the all-time
Context:  of a Tulsa businessman's murder by James "Whitey" Bulger and Stephen "The Rifleman" Flemmi. The body of the 45-year
Context:  were grand prix driver none the less.  Two-time F1 podium finisher Alex Wurz is effectively leader of the three man squad, the cheery
Context: atidylglycerol, phosphatidylserine or cardiolipin for function; in their absence the channel exists in a non-con
Context:  founded in the United States the first magazine completely dedicated to science fiction literature, “Amazing Stories”, thus establishing the existence of a genre which the authors already knew
Context: -Fi/Fantasy gong, while its finale was crowned Choice Summer Movie. Daniel Radcliffe and Emma Watson picked up a couple of awards, including one for
Top 20 activations for feature index 49406 across all files:
Context:  are not fully understood. We have identified a gene PTRH2 (also called Bit-1) that is evolutionarily conserved, mediates integrin
Context: Characterization of clinical strains of Aspergillus terreus complex: molecular identification and antifungal susceptibility to
Context:  best-studied ion channels is the potassium channel, KcsA from *Streptomyces lividans*. This potassium channel, in common
Context:  Accordingly, one of the disadvantages of this rescue bag is that it does not function as a patient carrier. The emergency personnel must use a stretcher in conjunction
Context: . Inside the cell, the NOD proteins and RNA helicases such as MDA5 recognize similar pathogen-associated structures to those recognized by TLR
Context:  study these changes in chromatin structure and their contribution to two hallmarks of both senescence and terminal differentiation, repression of proliferation-promoting genes and cell
Context:  enzymes. As part of a study of the peptidase content of Escherichia coli K-12, two peptidase-deficient
Context: Characterization of clinical strains of Aspergillus terreus complex: molecular identification and antifungal susceptibility to azoles and
Context: ogenic compounds have been recommended for use as feed additives.  Fenugreek (*Trigonella foenum-graecum* L) belongs to the Leg
Context:  organelle, the PML body; and two chromatin associated proteins, HP1 and macroH2A. Preliminary data indicate that the H
Context: ia, and a comment on emotional alienation with echoes of the works of Franz Kafka. Earl Keese’s character and situation begin realistically but become increasingly fantastic
Context:  scientific reality -- it's just a figment of our imaginations. ~ Leonard Susskind,~
Context:  and cell cycle exit. Recently, we showed that the chromatin regulatory protein, HIRA, and its physical binding partner, ASF1a, both play
Context:  the chromatin regulatory protein, HIRA, and its physical binding partner, ASF1a, both play a key role in formation of a novel chromatin
Context:  can either inactivate or activate these agents. Typically examples include the anticancer agent CPT-11 (irinotecan, Camptosar)
Context:  structures of membrane proteins.  One of the best-studied ion channels is the potassium channel, KcsA from *Streptomyces livid
Context: Soluble di- and aminopeptidases in Escherichia K-12. Dispensible enzymes. As part of a
Context:  it is a promising candidate for short-wavelength optoelectronic devices such as ultraviolet light-emitting diodes. The extreme mechanical hardness of diamond end
Context:  and the new classification of uveal malignant melanomas that is based on chromosome 3 status.
Context: Unihemispheric slow-wave sleep in the Amazonian dolphin, Inia geoffrensis. An electroencephalographic study of
Top 20 activations for feature index 60636 across all files:
Context:  division and actively competes at Huntsville (AL) Speedway. The younger son Austin, competes at Fairgrounds Speedway Nashville in the limited late model division
Context:  will air on an episode, as will tensions between Chapman and his oldest son, Duane Lee.  "I love you, dad. This is Travis. I
Context: # Copyright 2016 The Chromium Authors. All rights reserved. # Use of
Context: # Project-wide Gradle settings.  # IDE (e.g. Android Studio)
Context:  arrest will air on an episode, as will tensions between Chapman and his oldest son, Duane Lee.  "I love you, dad. This is Travis.
Context:  holding a public hearing tonight in Odenton to discuss plans by a Tennessee contractor, Ameresco Federal Solutions, to build the incinerator near the Army post
Context:  experimenting and applying their mind. It includes some one like Kunwer Sachdev of Su-Kam who created a Rs 500 crore company from scratch; Gan
Context:  plant might reduce the volume of sludge.  Civic leaders from Russett, Maryland City and Odenton said they learned of the scheduled public hearing Monday.
Context:  his two sons.  Garrett Finley currently driving the open wheel modified division and actively competes at Huntsville (AL) Speedway. The younger son Austin
Context:  of Lyon and is largely suburban in character. The largest town in the constituency, Meyzieu, lies close to Lyon's main airport.  The constituency has
Context: This season is poised to explore some family problems within the large Chapman family — daughter "Baby" Lyssa Chapman's March arrest will air on an episode,
Context: 2016 season heads up the teams of his two sons.  Garrett Finley currently driving the open wheel modified division and actively competes at Huntsville (
Context:  Illinois.  It is located in northern Mason County.  The nearest town is Manito, Illinois and the nearest numbered highway is U.S. Highway 
Context:  phase III (SIDEROS) trial. The trial will assess the efficacy of Raxone in slowing the rate of respiratory function decline in Duchenne muscular
Context:  open wheel modified division and actively competes at Huntsville (AL) Speedway. The younger son Austin, competes at Fairgrounds Speedway Nashville in the limited
Context:  is largely suburban in character. The largest town in the constituency, Meyzieu, lies close to Lyon's main airport.  The constituency has elected by centre
Context:  were of the femur (50), usually distal, of the lower leg and ankle (15), and upper arm (9). The distribution of fractures
Context:  days before the company was sold for £1.[5] In the more recent case of Carillion, equity analysts appeared unaware of the warning signs that might
Context: ire got the Vikings off to a good start. Filling in for primary starter Brady Barnett, Turnmire built a 5-0 lead after two
Context:  for me to ignore. The first is that the actors playing Ellison’s children, Ashley and Trevor, were less than impressive. It’s no surprise for kid
Top 20 activations for feature index 50974 across all files:
Context:  on Monday an ongoing protest blocking entry to its Penasquito mine, one of Mexico’s biggest gold producers, could force the company to halt output.  The
Context:  said.  Ms Chapman said the Bank’s partnership with the ACO was one of three national Arts partnerships for the Group, which included Opera Australia and Bangarra
Context:  a risk on my dreams and, 21 years on, we have one of the most fruitful corporate relationships I’ve ever seen.”  To find out more about
Context:  technology companies in the area by Deloitte & Touche LLP, one of the nation's leading professional services firms. Program winners are ranked based on their
Context:  Durham. By the 1892/93 season he was playing for one of England's premier clubs, Blackheath. While representing Blackheath he
Context: It wasn’t long ago that Germany was considered one of the few countries with a stable political situation. On the surface at least,
Context: , our office and our home is Innsbruck right now. One of the most amazing cities in the world! Probably the only SPOT where you
Context:  scratches but should otherwise be an operable product.  Renowned for producing some of the world best CPU coolers, Zalman have now released their newest
Context:  the San Marino Grand Prix, during which he suffered a fatal crash.  One of my best friends has been killed on the curve where I escaped death. I
Context:  at the molecular level within a geographic context. Antimalarial chemotherapy is one of the main pillars in the prevention and control of malaria. Following widespread resistance of
Context:  p. 90 – Hillary to her State Trooper bodyguards after one of them greeted her with “Good morning.”  “You f**king idiot.” (
Context: . Now what happened is - we are using code igniter, and one of the programers created database2 and started inserting info into it. Code ign
Context:  for as long as 250 days ([@bib0425]). One of the possible reasons for the weak protective immune response is that PRRSV interfer
Context:  companies in the area by Deloitte & Touche LLP, one of the nation's leading professional services firms. Program winners are ranked based on their percentage
Context:  side, opening a 7–0 lead in the first half, one of the two tries scored by Lohden. A further England try at the
Context:  body, it is merely an accessory to a stretcher. Accordingly, one of the disadvantages of this rescue bag is that it does not function as a patient
Context:  our office and our home is Innsbruck right now. One of the most amazing cities in the world! Probably the only SPOT where you can
Context:  near Llanelli between 1909 and 1953 and was one of several basic halts opened on the Burry Port and Gwendraeth
Context:  and did exactly what Cathy was hoping he would do, that being taking one of her legs and holding it up, pointing towards the ceiling. This allowed Rick
Context:  be a way with PHP to order the results based on a number in one of the nodes? For example:  In the above example, because it has been
Top 20 activations for feature index 17505 across all files:
Context: Event Description  Professor Bill Lee, Former Director of the Centre for Nuclear Engineering, Imperial College London  Speakers include:  Dr Dan
Context:  from those providing other professional services’.[8] The Chief Executive Officer of the FRC and the CEO of Pw
Context:  previously the Chairman of Edo State Water Board. He was previously the Chairman of Independent Petroleum Marketers of Nigeria (IPMAN) Edo state Chapter.  
Context: Event Description  Professor Bill Lee, Former Director of the Centre for Nuclear Engineering, Imperial College London  Speakers include:  Dr
Context: ’.[8] The Chief Executive Officer of the FRC and the CEO of Pw
Context:  Zoom station, transfer is available to several bus lines, as well as to the ParkShuttle, a people mover to a nearby business district.  Kral
Context:  into ACPO, it was replaced in 2015 by a new body, the National Police Chiefs' Council, set up under a police collaboration agreement under
Context:  Saurabh Vyas envisioned a consulting and research firm exclusively for politics and founded PoliticalEDGE; Satyajit Singh, founder of Shakti Sud
Context:  arms from those providing other professional services’.[8] The Chief Executive Officer of the FRC and the CEO of Pw
Context:  entrepreneur (Gaurav Rathore & Saurabh Vyas who co founded PoliticalEDGE are covered in one chapter) and the entire chapter is based on
Context: Following the Parker Review into ACPO, it was replaced in 2015 by a new body, the National Police Chiefs' Council, set up under a
Context: atory budgeting, cooperatives, social movements and even some on the recently-formed communal councils, there was no documentary film that tried to give both the big
Context: ’s Advisory Board, made up of academics from University College London.  Websites like Drink Test have been shown to help people to make healthier lifestyle choices.  6
Context: , who grew up in Southern Brazil, and who is also Co-director of the film) and I were living in Venezuela in 2006 when the
Context:  members of civic, environmental and community groups as well as elected officials and city and state agencies.  The Foundation states that their proposed 'Manhattan International Airport'
Context:  from playing sport he became a sports administrator, most notably as the chairman of the Lawn Tennis Association.  Personal history Lohden was born in Hartle
Context:  and on both sides of the island," team leader Lisa Anselmi, of Buffalo State University of New York, told LiveScience.  The archaeologists found
Context:  chairmanship of Tim Yeo (former UK Member of Parliament and Chair of the House of Commons Energy and Climate Change Select Committee) and is an interest group
Context:  more influence on the culture than I do now,” says Sean Kelly, CEO of SnackNation, a company that delivers healthy snacks to offices and homes across
Context:  ACPO, it was replaced in 2015 by a new body, the National Police Chiefs' Council, set up under a police collaboration agreement under Section
Top 20 activations for feature index 1594 across all files:
Context:  counsel), for appellant. Giffin, Winning, Lindner & Newkirk, of Springfield (James M. Drake, of counsel), for appelle
Context: ), for appellant. Giffin, Winning, Lindner & Newkirk, of Springfield (James M. Drake, of counsel), for appellee
Context: 6. *145 *146 Earl S. Hodges, of Springfield, and Greanias & Owen, of Decatur (Marshall A. Sus
Context: . Giffin, Winning, Lindner & Newkirk, of Springfield (James M. Drake, of counsel), for appellee. TRAPP
Context:  *146 Earl S. Hodges, of Springfield, and Greanias & Owen, of Decatur (Marshall A. Susler, of counsel
Context: , Lindner & Newkirk, of Springfield (James M. Drake, of counsel), for appellee. TRAPP, P.J. Def
Context:  completing his education in France and Germany. In 1898 he was married to Margaret Emily Marshall of Broadwater, Sussex.  With the outbreak of the First
Context: 146 Earl S. Hodges, of Springfield, and Greanias & Owen, of Decatur (Marshall A. Susler, of counsel),
Context: do State House of Assembly. He is also the eldest brother of the jeweller Chris Aire. He lives in Edo State where he presides over
Context: ” by Joseph Califano, p. 213 – Hillary yelling at Democrat lawyer.  “It’s been said, and I think it’s accurate, that my
Context:  technology companies in the area by Deloitte & Touche LLP, one of the nation's leading professional services firms. Program winners are ranked based on their
Context:  Earl S. Hodges, of Springfield, and Greanias & Owen, of Decatur (Marshall A. Susler, of counsel), for
Context: ORE, Appellant,  v.  ARTHUR ANDERSEN, L.L.P. AND LAURA MAWHINNEY, Appellees. __________________________________________________________________  
Context: 145 *146 Earl S. Hodges, of Springfield, and Greanias & Owen, of Decatur (Marshall A. Susler, of
Context:  of the Northern Counties (1879), taken from a letter sent by the historian Robert Surtees to Sir Walter Scott:  In the year before the Great Rebellion
Context:  companies in the area by Deloitte & Touche LLP, one of the nation's leading professional services firms. Program winners are ranked based on their percentage
Context:  Durham. By the 1892/93 season he was playing for one of England's premier clubs, Blackheath. While representing Blackheath he
Context:  Susler, of counsel), for appellant. Giffin, Winning, Lindner & Newkirk, of Springfield (James M. Drake, of counsel
Context: 24, 1966. *145 *146 Earl S. Hodges, of Springfield, and Greanias & Owen, of Decatur (Mar
Context: ler, of counsel), for appellant. Giffin, Winning, Lindner & Newkirk, of Springfield (James M. Drake, of counsel),
Top 20 activations for feature index 57862 across all files:
Context:  for such purpose, a money market fund must be approved by the NYMEX Board and also must comply with CFTC Regulation? 1.25
Context:  East Surrey Regiment. In 1917 he was transferred to the Ministry of Shipping and was placed in charge of Standard Steamers, Russian Steamers and Oilers
Context: ACO) on the commencement of its Great Romantics Tour.  Commonwealth Bank Group Executive Human Resources and Group Services, Ms Barbara Chapman, said the Group
Context: 9 National Tour Partner for the Great Romantics.”  Ms Chapman said the Commonwealth Bank was especially proud to loan its rare Guadagnini violin – crafted in
Context:  1) the US exchanges  (which are all governed by the CFTC), and  2) the OMLX, and the IPE
Context:  able to resume normal operations without a hit to production.  Michael Harvey, Goldcorp’s director of corporate affairs, said the current blockade was illegal and had prevented
Context: 1. Technical Field Embodiments of the present invention relate generally to providing an on
Context:  health at work online.  2. Who is this website for?  The AHN is working with the Royal Borough of Kingston's Public Health Department, as well
Context: PO designated Senior Investigative Officers for major investigations and appointed officers to head ACPO units specialising in various areas of policing and crime reduction.  ACPO was
Context: In light of recent accounting scandals, there are widespread calls for the UK competition authority to re-examine the audit market. Yet spending a substantial amount of resources
Context:  questions concerning this change, please contact Bernard Purta, Senior Vice President, Regulatory Affairs and Operations, at (212) 299- 2380;
Context: 2380; Arthur McCoy, Vice President, Financial Surveillance Section, NYMEX Compliance Department, at (
Context: 184 May 31, 2001  TO: All NYMEX Division Members and Member Firms  FROM: Neal L. Wolkoff
Context:  when you invest your funds in a Bank of Internet account.  The Bank of Internet online savings account has no maintenance fees, so it’s a great opportunity to
Context:  not part of Science...By that standard, most of the universe has no scientific reality -- it's just a figment of our imaginations. ~ Leonard
Context: 476,000 ounces of gold last year, comprising 18 percent of Goldcorp’s total production and generating more than 33 percent of its revenue.  The
Context: Commonwealth Bank and the Australian Chamber Orchestra kick off the 2009 Great Romantics national
Context:  changes for the COMEX Division  have also been approved by the NYMEX Board of Directors and filed with the CFTC; the changes for the
Context: 1998 clocked up 0.52 degrees above said average.  Met office scientist Katie Hopkins said: "This new information represents another warning that climate change
Context: ides were injected \[[@B1],[@B2]\]. For clinicians and scientists interested in immunologic effects following dietary intake, the value of such
Top 20 activations for feature index 7914 across all files:
Context:  the idea of “found footage” movies! It’s brought to us by the producer of Paranormal Activity and Insidious, but doesn’t suffer from some
Context: 2 video compression standard is an open free-use video-decoding standard contributed by British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) to the Society of Motion Picture and Television Engineers (
Context: uck division at Nashville Speedway USA.  The speedway was promoted by Alabama's Bob Harmon.  Finley at season end claimed the rookie title and the
Context:  Professional Bowlers Association (PBA).  He grew up in Sweet Valley, Pennsylvania, and now resides in Lake Placid, Florida.  Beginning his P
Context:  with a standardized connector to provide access to the vehicles diagnostic information. Since 1996, the standard required has been one published in Society of Automotive Engineers paper
Context: Neighbors (novel)  Neighbors is a 1980 novel by American author Thomas Berger. It is a satire of manners and suburbia, and
Context:  agent offered him to other Football League clubs.  Duncan was signed by Paul Lambert in the summer of 2007 and joined Wycombe Wanderers, where
Context:  last Iraq deployment in early 2009.  Most recently the Group deployed to Camp Leatherneck, Afghanistan in March 2010.  They are responsible for
Context: . U.S. Pat. No. 2,931,082 to Brennan discloses a casting method and apparatus wherein a composite metal article is formed by
Context:  Environment is holding a public hearing tonight in Odenton to discuss plans by a Tennessee contractor, Ameresco Federal Solutions, to build the incinerator near the
Context: overs, and by the age of 19 he was selected to play at county level for Durham. By the 1892/93 season he was playing
Context:  Intellectual Property Rights, an independent body established in May 2001 by the British government, released its report analyzing the impact of international agreements on patents. The
Context:  others and/or radiotherapy (RT). The 2013 existing guidelines by ACC/AHA on surveillance of the cardiovascular health of oncology survivors, are mostly
Context: , CSG cells can be a collection of cells used for deployment in a campus or can be individual cells used for deployment in users' homes. The C
Context:  gives rise to a high yield of AB by a base-exchange reaction at ambient temperature.
Context:  only cap in the opening game of the 1893 Home Nations Championship against Wales at the Cardiff Arms Park. The game started well for the English side,
Context:  Drink Test is based on the Alcohol Use Disorder Identification Test, validated by NICE and the World Health Organisation. The Drink Test website has been approved by Alcohol
Context:  East Surrey Regiment. In 1917 he was transferred to the Ministry of Shipping and was placed in charge of Standard Steamers, Russian Steamers and Oilers
Context: 29.  Staff Sgt. Ronald Jay Spino, 45, from Waterbury, Connecticut was assigned to the 274th Forward Surgical Team (Airborne
Context:  Bowlers Association (PBA).  He grew up in Sweet Valley, Pennsylvania, and now resides in Lake Placid, Florida.  Beginning his PBA
Top 20 activations for feature index 40773 across all files:
Context: 3" targetFramework="net452" />   <package id="SyntacticSugar" version="2.4.1" targetFramework="net
Context:  7 “French Blue” below and watch for extended previews right here on Sneaker News.
Context:  stylesheet_link_tag    'application', media: 'all', 'data-turbolinks-track' => true %> at the top. For testing purposes,
Context: ib Hashmi, Jyotii Sethi, and Nutan Surya which is inspired from the life of Arunachalam Muruganan
Context:  and Lead Investigator for US. "A patient and caregiver survey conducted by Parent Project Muscular Dystrophy clearly demonstrated that the DMD community highly values
Context: AAB)  International Society for Environmental and Biological Repositories (ISBER)  International Society for Cellular Therapy (ISCT)  The BioGenetics Corporation staff includes
Context:  did not bring out the best in some of his fellow inmates. (via Pink News)  • This probably won’t come as a surprise, but when Dion
Context:  of counsel), for appellant. Giffin, Winning, Lindner & Newkirk, of Springfield (James M. Drake, of counsel), for app
Context: , MD, Medical Director of the Pulmonary Function Testing Laboratory at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia and Lead Investigator for US. "A patient and caregiver
Context: ler, of counsel), for appellant. Giffin, Winning, Lindner & Newkirk, of Springfield (James M. Drake, of counsel),
Context:  a response?  I have a URL: http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/fw4.pdf It contains an editable PDF. I have make
Context:  the anticancer agent CPT-11 (irinotecan, Camptosar) that is a prodrug of SN-38, a potent
Context:  shutil.move(src,mydir)                 #content = shutil.copyfile(src,mydir)                 #for line in f                   print "method 
Context: Category:1. FC Tatran Prešov players Category:AS Trenčín players Category:MEAP Nisou players Category:M
Context:  @Kuhn2010a; @Law1997a; @Vasilev2010a; @Maurer2004a; @
Context: Marshall A. Susler, of counsel), for appellant. Giffin, Winning, Lindner & Newkirk, of Springfield (James M.
Context:  film based on a work by "Orawun" (lyu Sresawek). It was premièred on June 18, 195
Context: ists (AACC)  American Association of Bioanalysts (AAB)  International Society for Environmental and Biological Repositories (ISBER)  International Society for Cellular
Context:  such as heavy tails, high-kurtosis and asymmetry (see [@tankov] for an introduction to financial applications).  From a mathematical point of view
Context:  Pléiade P3082 (33 rpm)  with Régine Crespin, Michel Roux, Peter Van Der Bilt - BellaVoce
Top 20 activations for feature index 60113 across all files:
Context: ), for appellant. Giffin, Winning, Lindner & Newkirk, of Springfield (James M. Drake, of counsel), for appellee
Context:  Earl S. Hodges, of Springfield, and Greanias & Owen, of Decatur (Marshall A. Susler, of counsel), for
Context:  B. MOORE, Appellant,  v.  ARTHUR ANDERSEN, L.L.P. AND LAURA MAWHINNEY, Appellees
Context:  P.J. Defendant Erie City Iron Works, hereinafter designated Erie, appeals from a judgment in the sum of $30,818.50 entered
Context:  the United States and Worldwide to achieve Assisted Reproduction. BioGenetics Corporation was established in 1980 to become the first commercial sperm bank in the
Context:  in Odenton to discuss plans by a Tennessee contractor, Ameresco Federal Solutions, to build the incinerator near the Army post's sewage plant adjacent to
Context: atur and Macon County Hospital Association, a Corporation Not For Profit of Illinois, for the Use of Niagara Fire Insurance Company, Phoenix Assurance Company, Standard Fire
Context: Appellee, v. Erie City Iron Works, a Foreign Corporation, T.A. Brinkoetter & Sons, Inc., a Foreign Corporation
Context:  Corporation, Plaintiff-Appellee, v. Erie City Iron Works, a Foreign Corporation, T.A. Brinkoetter & Sons, Inc
Context:  an appointment with our expert Botox specialist, Dr. Mayra Diaz, who has been in private practice for over 25 years.  Dermal Fill
Context:  a Corporation Not For Profit of Illinois, for the Use of Niagara Fire Insurance Company, Phoenix Assurance Company, Standard Fire Insurance Company, Rochester American Insurance Company,
Context:  appellee. TRAPP, P.J. Defendant Erie City Iron Works, hereinafter designated Erie, appeals from a judgment in the sum of
Context:  Health as a Reproductive Cell & Tissue Bank  BioGenetics Corporation operates under the direction of Albert Anouna, President and CEO. Mr
Context: .E.2d 590 Decatur and Macon County Hospital Association, a Corporation Not For Profit of Illinois, for the Use of Niagara Fire Insurance
Context: oetter & Sons, Inc., a Foreign Corporation, and Illinois Power Company, an Illinois Corporation, Defendants, Erie City Iron Works, a Foreign Corporation,
Context:  Works, a Foreign Corporation, T.A. Brinkoetter & Sons, Inc., a Foreign Corporation, and Illinois Power Company, an Illinois Corporation,
Context: , Appellant,  v.  ARTHUR ANDERSEN, L.L.P. AND LAURA MAWHINNEY, Appellees. __________________________________________________________________  On
Context: Wire is a leading, native digital publication produced by Simpler Media Group, Inc. We provide articles, research and events for sophisticated professionals driving digital customer experience
